Feat(Mesh): Issue identity with MeshIdentity Spire provider (#5152)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/mesh/issue-identity-with-meshidentity-spire.md

```sh
kubectl set env -n kong-mesh-system deploy/kong-mesh-control-plane \
  KUMA_RUNTIME_KUBERNETES_INJECTOR_SPIRE_ENABLED=true
kubectl rollout status -n kong-mesh-system deploy/kong-mesh-control-plane
```

## Configure Spire

Configure Spire to issue identities in the `kong-mesh-demo` namespace. This specifies a SPIFFE ID template that uses the configured trust domain, namespace, and [service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/) name:

```sh
echo "apiVersion: spire.spiffe.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterSPIFFEID
metadata:
  name: spire-registration
spec:
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      kuma.io/mesh: default
  spiffeIDTemplate: '{% raw %}spiffe://{{ .TrustDomain }}/ns/{{ .PodMeta.Namespace }}/sa/{{ .PodSpec.ServiceAccountName }}{% endraw %}'
  workloadSelectorTemplates:
    - 'k8s:ns:kong-mesh-demo'" | kubectl apply -f -
```

## Issue identities

{:.info}
> For `MeshIdentity` to work, `meshServices.mode: Exclusive` must be set on the `Mesh` resource. This value is already configured in the demo `Mesh`.

> `MeshIdentity` manages identity issuance. Even though Spire issues the identity and manages the trust, you still create a `MeshIdentity` to configure the data planes to use the identity managed by Spire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roles are divided as follows:

- `MeshIdentity` declares which identity provider the data planes should use and how.
- Spire issues the identity and manages the trust.
 
This is why you create a `MeshIdentity` to configure the data planes and specify that Spire manages the identity.
```
